Hello today
Today is hahaha.
The second lady has something to say, what does my wife have to say?
But old
easy to cough
It made you unhappy.
Happy you
If you want to marry my sister, you have to go through the customs of my Li family
What custom?
Drinking is right
What is the marriage of the Li family?
The Li family must be subdued
Yes, the Li family does have this custom
But young people don't drink.
If you can't, forget it
That's fine. Li family rules can't be broken
Uh old lady
Why don't you let me drink it?
I can drink alcohol as a rough guy
Oh yes, this is my Li family Bacchus
Famous River City
Are you sure you don't want to be strong when you're old?
Drink carefully
Ah, let me do it
No matter how good you are, you will never drink
Drink them
fart
We have to go
Hey old lady, I'll come, I'll come
Eat to death waiter
Serving wine will teach you how to be human today
What?
old thing